How many players?
Insert player 1 name
Insert player 2 name
Insert player 3 name
Insert player 4 name
GO, COLLECT M2 SALARY AS YOU PASS
You have bought The Burger-bar for M1
You have bought The Pizzeria for M1
You have landed on Chance
You have bought The Candy shop for M1
You have bought The Ice Cream Shop for M1
You are on visit
You have bought The Museum for M2
You have bought The Library for M2
You have landed on Chance
You have bought The Skate Park for M2
You have bought The Swimming Pool for M2
You have Free Parking
You have bought The Arcade for M3
You have bought The Cinema for M3
You have landed on Chance
You have bought The Toy Store for M3
You have bought The Animal Store for M3
Go to jail
You have bought The Bowling Alley for M4
You have bought The Zoo for M4
You have landed on Chance
You have bought The AquaLand for M5
You have bought The Promenade for M5
Chance Cards:
Give this card to the CAR and take one more chance card. CAR: On your next turn, drone to any available square and buy it. If there are no available squares, then you must buy one from another player!
Give this card to the CAT and take one more chance card. CAT: On your next turn, sneak to any available square and buy it. If there are no available squares, then you must buy one from another player!
Give this card to the SHIP and take one more chance card.SHIP: On your next turn, sail to any available square and buy it. If there are no available squares, then you must buy one from another player!
Give this card to the DOG and take one more chance card. DOG: On your next turn, jump to any available square and buy it. If there are no available squares, then you must buy one from another player!
Move forward to GO. Collect M2
Move 5 squares forward
Move 1 square forward, or take one more chance card
Move forward to the Promenade
You have eaten a lot of candy. PAY M2 to the bank
It is your birthday!Each player will give you M1. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
You have done your homework! Collect M2 from the bank
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward The Skate Park to make the perfect grind! If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner.
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to lightblue or red square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to brown or yellow square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to orange square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to lightblue square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to red square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to orange or green square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
NO CHARGE SQUARE! Move forward to pink or dark blue square. If no one owns it,then you get it for free. Or you have to pay the owner
